hello guys welcome to my course this
course is gonna help you get admitted to
your dream University now I applied to
five universities four of them accepted
me and two of them provided me full
financial assistance I was accepted to
the University of Florida to do my MBA
and I was accepted to Johns Hopkins
University to do a masters in marketing
and have gone through the whole
application process I've helped hundreds
and thousands of students get accepted
to their dream University and in this
course I'm gonna take you by the hand
I'm gonna grab your head and be like
let's do it together
I'm gonna explain you everything from
finding the right University because
some universities provide financial aid
some of them don't
some do align with your goals some of
them don't and the whole application
process is a lot of work personal
statements recommendation letters the
application itself the CV like
everything I'm gonna talk about every
single step of the admissions process
with detail so you can be confident that
you're gonna get in a dream University
so if you're interested watch all the
videos in this course do all the tasks
that I'm asking you to do and I'll see
you soon in the US somewhere in a great
University